She's a sharp-shooting winged single mother who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's a radical Bolivian mechanic from a different time and place.
She's a pregnant cat-loving queen of the dead with an evil twin sister.
She's an elegant extravagent bodyguard with an incredible destiny.
She's an artistic kleptomaniac single mother with a flame-thrower.
She's an elegant Bolivian mechanic who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a mentally unstable renegade opera singer with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a wealthy belly-dancing barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a sharp-shooting insomniac pearl diver in the witness protection scheme.
helping folk in trouble.
She's a warm-hearted winged lawyer from a different time and place.
She's a transdimensional mute safe cracker on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a green-fingered mute socialite with only herself to blame.
She's a hard-bitten foul-mouthed Valkyrie looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a sarcastic green-skinned archaeologist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's an artistic tomboy former first lady who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a chain-smoking winged safe cracker who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's a blind punk doctor on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a violent punk museum curator married to the Mob.
She's a ditzy African-American soap star with a knack for trouble.
She's a pregnant punk museum curator from aristocratic European stock.
She's a psychotic goth research scientist with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a radical communist bounty hunter living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a pregnant green-skinned queen of the dead from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a warm-hearted green-skinned research scientist looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a virginal cat-loving femme fatale from aristocratic European stock.
She's a disco-crazy foul-mouthed barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a cold-hearted hypochondriac schoolgirl with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a sharp-shooting out-of-work pearl diver from Mars.
She's a chain-smoking cigar-chomping femme fatale with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a vivacious wisecracking Hell's Angel from Mars.
She's a foxy tomboy college professor from out of town.
She's a sharp-shooting nymphomaniac single mother who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a cynical wisecracking vampire married to the Mob.
She's a foxy mutant wrestler from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a transdimensional bisexual femme fatale with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a cold-hearted mute snake charmer married to the Mob.
She's a radical goth wrestler married to the Mob.
She's a green-fingered Bolivian socialite from aristocratic European stock.
She's a chain-smoking paranoid archaeologist looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a plucky out-of-work lawyer from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's an elegant foul-mouthed angel fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a time-travelling bisexual magician's assistant with someone else's memories.
She's a mistrustful gypsy Hell's Angel in the witness protection scheme.
She's an orphaned gold-digging wrestler with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a hard-bitten paranoid hooker with a flame-thrower.
She's a blind antique-collecting archaeologist who can talk to animals.
She's a high-kicking African-American traffic cop fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a pregnant communist magician's assistant in the witness protection scheme.
She's a scantily clad hip-hop research scientist from a secret island of warrior women.
